Detail multistore features in readme (#71)
PrestaShop/example-modules: demomultistoreform/README.md

## About

> The goal of this module is to help developers to make their modules compatible with the multistore feature. You can find in this module all the multistore features that you should implement in your modules if you want to make them compatible with the multistore feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this module is to help developers to make their modules compatible with the multistore feature. You can find in this module all the multistore features that you should implement in your modules if you want to make them compatible with the multistore feature, starting from 1.7.8 .
```

- A fixtures generation mechanism, using [doctrine](https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/modules/concepts/doctrine/)
- Displaying the configured blocks on Front Office

### Multistore features

#### The shop association block 

You should display it as soon as the user wishes to add an element. It allows him to choose with which store(s) he wants to add the element.

#### Listing

> The elements displayed in the listing depend on the store selected in the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The elements displayed in the listing depend on the store selected in the context.

```
If you want to display a line break you need to insert a blank line.

> The all shops context displays the elements of all the shops. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the selected context is 'all shops', all elements of all the shops are displayed. 
```

#### Checkboxes

> The user should be able to apply a specific configuration for a specific shop or group. To do this, checkboxes should be added before each element when a specific shop context or a group is selected as context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to apply a specific configuration for a specific shop or group. This is implemented by checkboxes that are added before each element when a specific shop context or a group is selected as context.
```

#### Specific settings drop-down

> The user should be able to see which parameters have a specific configuration for a shop or a group when he is in all shops context. This information let him know that the change he will make in all shops context will not be applied for shops that already have a parameter configured specifically. To do this, specific settings drop-down should be added in all shops context and in group context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to see which parameters have a specific configuration for a shop or a group when he is in 'all shops' context. The parameter configured specifically for a shop or a group is not impacted by changes done in 'all shops' context.

This information helps the user know, when using 'all shops' context, whether the changes he is doing will be applied. This is implemented with specific settings drop-down that are added, in 'all shops' context and in group context.
```

 
#### Enable / disable from the listing

The enable / disable action made from the listing enable/disable the element for all the stores with which it’s associated and not only for the context selected.

#### Delete from the listing

> If an element is associated with several shops, then if I delete it from the listing, it will be disassociated from the selected context(s) and deleted if it is no longer associated with any store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an element is associated with several shops, then a user deletes it from the listing, it will be dissociated from the selected context(s) and deleted if it is no longer associated with any store.
```
